how-to/deploy: add a description to the environment configuration (#1537)
pingcap/docs: dev/how-to/deploy/hardware-recommendations.md

>

> > - In the test environment, the TiDB and PD can be deployed on the same server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - In the test environment, the TiDB server and the PD server can be deployed on the same server.
```

Reviewer 2: > 

是 TiDB 和 PD 实例可以部署到同一台服务器上？

Reviewer: @yikeke Yes.

> - For performance-related test, do not use low-performance storage and network hardware configuration, in order to guarantee the correctness of the test result.

> > - TiKV requires NVMe SSD disks to ensure faster reads and writes.

Reviewer 2: The original Chinese sentence has been updated. Plz update this accordingly.

> > - NVMe SSD disks is recommended for TiKV to ensure faster reads and writes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - For the TiKV server, it is recommended to use NVMe SSDs to ensure faster reads and writes.
```
